README.md, before:

# My Neighborhood App

The app that helps you find places in Sprengelkiez, Berlin - Udacity Course Final Project with React 


## Project Overview

The app displays a number of places within a set area and uses both google maps to display the places on a map with markers as well as pulling in further information on each place via the [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/)
The app consists of two main components: a google map and an information panel


## Running the project

In order to get the project running locally, you need to have either yarn or npm installed on your machine.

You can get yarn [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#mac-stable)
Or download [Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)


Then follow the steps below:

1. download or clone the project to a folder on your computer [https://github.com/judithbeadle/reactnd-project-myreads-starter.git](https://github.com/judithbeadle/reactnd-project-myreads-starter.git)

2. `cd` into reactnd-project-myreads-starter

### if you use npm:

3. install dependencies with: `npm install`

4. start the project with: `npm start`

### if you use yarn:

3. install dependencies with: `yarn install`

4. start the project with: `yarn start`

This starts the app locally on: `http://localhost:3000`


## API Data

The app uses data from the [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/) via an API query - you can reset a number of parameters by changing keywords, area, area radius etc in the LocationsAPI.js file


## Acknowledgements and Sources

This is a project for the [Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree program](https://eu.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001).

To create the app I have followed the online course 'Building with React' as well as using the following resources:

### General Resources

* [MDN web docs on JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp)

### Specific Resources

* [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/)
* [getting started with react google map]https://medium.com/@yelstin.fernandes/render-a-map-component-using-react-google-maps-5f7fb3e418bb
* [Stackoverflow: turning a string into html](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39758136/render-html-string-as-real-html-in-a-react-component)
* [Google map documentation & tutorial](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
* [Google Documentation on creating a polygon](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/polygon-simple)


## Contributing

This repository is part of a nanodegree project. Therefore, I will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

docs: adding information about the service worker in the readme

README.md, after:

# My Neighborhood App

The app that helps you find places in Sprengelkiez, Berlin - Udacity Course Final Project with React 


## Project Overview

The app displays a number of places within a set area and uses both google maps to display the places on a map with markers as well as pulling in further information on each place via the [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/)
The app consists of two main components: a google map and an information panel


## Running the project

In order to get the project running locally, you need to have either yarn or npm installed on your machine.

You can get yarn [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#mac-stable)
Or download [Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)


Then follow the steps below:

1. download or clone the project to a folder on your computer [https://github.com/judithbeadle/reactnd-project-myreads-starter.git](https://github.com/judithbeadle/reactnd-project-myreads-starter.git)

2. `cd` into reactnd-project-myreads-starter

### if you use npm:

3. install dependencies with: `npm install`

4. start the project with: `npm start`

### if you use yarn:

3. install dependencies with: `yarn install`

4. start the project with: `yarn start`

This starts the app locally on: `http://localhost:3000`

## Using the service worker

You can also use the app offline. To this end a service worker is included in the project.
The service worker is implemented only in the production build, to run the application in the production build follow these steps:

1. npm run build
2. serve -s build (if you have not installed serve, you can do so by running npm install -g serve first)
3. navigate to http://localhost:5000/


## API Data

The app uses data from the [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/) via an API query - you can reset a number of parameters by changing keywords, area, area radius etc in the LocationsAPI.js file


## Acknowledgements and Sources

This is a project for the [Udacity Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree program](https://eu.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001).

To create the app I have followed the online course 'Building with React' as well as using the following resources:

### General Resources

* [MDN web docs on JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp)

### Specific Resources

* [here places API](https://places.cit.api.here.com/places/)
* [getting started with react google map]https://medium.com/@yelstin.fernandes/render-a-map-component-using-react-google-maps-5f7fb3e418bb
* [Stackoverflow: turning a string into html](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39758136/render-html-string-as-real-html-in-a-react-component)
* [Google map documentation & tutorial](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
* [Google Documentation on creating a polygon](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/polygon-simple)


## Contributing

This repository is part of a nanodegree project. Therefore, I will not accept pull requests.

For details, check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
